Since I mentioned it in the previous video why don't we check it out.
Also right away.
Text align property as well as text and then with your permission I would like to get rid of these font
styles because this is annoying me a little but when I have all these selections I'm still gonna keep
here and the selectors and curly braces but I'm just gonna give her the properties as well as the values
I was going to delete them and now was gonna have a normal text now for text the line.
What's gonna happen.
Well we're gonna be able to control the alignment of the text.
Now we can start very simply by the whole body and just save for the whole body.
We would like to text to line it in the center or we can do left or so let's do the center one first.
She's always gonna place that text in the center.
Now I can maybe make my browser window with bigger.
You can see right now.
The text has been placed in the center.
Now similarly if I'm gonna go text the line right.
This is gonna place it all the way to the right.
Now here I would like to again show you where we would use the normal one which wouldn't be the left
one meaning the default.
Because right now on us we have the text the line on the left.
Wonder if I'm gonna comment this out.
Nothing is going to change because this comes preset with browser icon.
We can just delete this.
Maybe this guy here and let's just again the same thing that for the whole text or whole body.
I'M GONNA LINE IT TO THE RIGHT ALL MY headings so let's say my main one or you know what.
Not all of them maybe the main one I'm gonna line it in the center say text align center.
So this hearing the first one main one is gonna be the center.
And let's say for both of the paragraphs.
Well you know what.
No I'm just lazy.
Let's just write for the second paragraph I'm gonna place it all the way to the left.
So we're gonna write text the line and this is gonna be on the right hand side.
Or you know what.
Not right inside and that's obviously coming from the body.
Here we're gonna use the default one which would be the left.
Now again this would be the case where we would use it.
So if you're applying some kind of property either right or center in this case then if you would want
to go for default one you would use text a line left.
Now if you're not doing that there's no need for using the text line left because this is already preset
for you.
And we have text in that and maybe let's practice on this paragraph and that would basically indent
the first line it accepts multiple values.
We all just gonna use pixels but we can also look at our games let's say text and that was the property
name intent and the values like I said you can use whatever I would like.
We're gonna go first by let's say 50 pixels NO SAY LIKE THIS.
NOW THIS IS GONNA indent this first line but maybe it is annoying the fact that everything is aligned
right anyway so let me comment this out.
I'm going to say it.
Now this is gonna be normal.
And then sure enough we have text and then 250 pixels.
You don't believe me.
Let's make hundred pixels.
And now this is in the thing again.
On first line.
No like I said we can use also Harry M values.
So I don't know.
Our.
That should do the trick.
Now that's 10 arms and that's how we can work with text the line properties and text in the.